03/06/2023 - I have spent most of today trying to remove the unnecessary portions of doggr, but for some reason I can't shake the calls to the match.ts or message.ts files. Also typeorm really likes referencing them as well.
03/08/2023 - I started today with making a plan and schedule for how I should proceed with this project. Two weeks is not a lot of time, but I hope to accomplish as much as I can in that timeframe.
             I created the game model and am working on seeding. After running pnpm seed, I've encountered the erorr "Error seeding databaseQueryFailedError: update or delete on table "profile" violates foreign key constraint "FK_80e61381b28b6b6dd958c13be6d" on table "match"" which is particularly frustrating because I don't really care about those anyways. I am going to stash my changes to see if that was the impact. Seems like the issue was I didn't do typeorm:drop somewhere, or perhaps I needed an extra typeorm:updateDatasource. We have successfully added a game model for high scores into our database.
03/18/2023 - My goal today is to get the leaderboard components running. Perhaps have a basic leaderboard page. Update: I have done the interface api interface portions of the leaderboard such as get, post, and delete requests. 
             Progress is incredibly slow but I am proud I got something done. The most difficult part for me is usually getting started as I tend to get anxious and pocrastinate. I'm optimistic for tomorrow. I plan on getting a leaderboard page going and start on user authentication. Then, tackle file storage and make a simple game.
03/19/2023 - Not much tangible progress today as something came up. However, I did poke around the front end components and got a better understanding. Should be able to draft up a home page and leaderboard page tomorrow.
03/20/2023 - So far most of today has been spent trying to resolve an issue where "Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'name')", for some reason the function is not waiting in the way I want it to. Update: turns out the 
             issue was that the users did not exist, not the query being built. I'm not sure why that is, but I think my best recourse is to just include the username in the game score entity. Unfornately I'm running into the same issue as I had on 03/06 where typeorm does not want me to do anything because it's looking for migrations and code that don't exist. That is, when I try to update the entity, it does not seem to like that, and when i try to revert my changes, it doesn't like that either. I read the typeorm docs and I understand migrations a little better now. At least I know what to look for in the migration I need. For some reason, making the migration in ./src/db/migrations made a really strange migration that did not really have what I need (to alter name -> game_name and create another name column). I was able to make the proper migration outside and move it into the file. I found with some intense stack overflow searching that the database needs to be empty or it results in the error of "xyz contains null values", which finally solved my issues with typeorm. Now I can proceed with the basic leaderboard page.

             The next step is setting up authentication and a user page. I am currently researching auth0 authentication.
03/21/2023 - I've been working on Auth0 stuff all morning to no avail, until now that is. For some reason, including the Auth0 SDK stuff in main.tsx just made the page go white. Turns out, it was a result of the Logout.tsx file
             not importing react. This was not easy to isolate until I went component by component. Im not entirely sure why this is, as react isn't actually directly referenced in Login.tsx or Logout.tsx, and Login.tsx didn't have this issue. I'm glad it's resolved and now I need to connect the login components with the backend so our users can actually store their scores.
             After grinding my gears on trying to incorporate the backend stuff for auth0, I decided to take a break by adding in an old cat game I made. Eventually the goal would be to remake the game with react but right now
             I'm short on time so the link just redirects to the static html page. I'm going to add a button on the game to send the high score to the backend, and if the user is logged in, to the database.
             Currently I am trying to have the high scores saved but the game being a static html page is giving me some issues. I tried converting it into tsx components, but that has not been a fun experience. The issue I am running into is "import declarations may only appear at top level" which is preventing me from calling a save_score() function. 